README.md, before:

Want a smooth in-place upgrade from Windows 10 to Windows 11?

I've used these tools to successfully upgrade over 120 computers so far, supported and unsupported.

The trick is to get your Windows 10 installation in a good state so the Windows 11 OS can migrate it properly,
  and after it's done installing optimize and debloat it's settings and features.

Download all the Files here and put them into the same folder.  Something like c:\win11upgrade

Procedure:
1. Run Windows update on your existing Windows 10 pc until there are no more updates left. Windows 10 Pro/Home should be on 22H2
2. Run the included "PreInstall.bat" file.  This will not only free up disk space but also check and repair system corruption.
   A reboot is required, and at reboot it will check your operating system drive for any disk corruption.
3. Get a good copy of the Windows 11 ISO:
   You can use the included Windows11MediaCreationTool.exe (which is the working version from Microsoft before they broke it).
   Choose the option to create ISO file, and save the iso into the same folder as these files you downloaded.
   What I highly recommend is after downloading the Microsoft ISO, trim it down using Tiny11Builder from NTDev:
   https://github.com/ntdevlabs/tiny11builder/blob/main/tiny11maker.ps1
5. Run Windows11Install.bat  This will search the folder it is in for any .iso files (you should only have 1 there) and mount
   it in system, then it will autorun the Windows installer with customized options to simply upgrade
   The command it runs is: .\sources\setupprep.exe /product server /auto upgrade /dynamicupdate disable /eula accept
After Windows Upgrade completes:

     Disk Space: Be aware of your disk space immediately after an upgrade because not only is Windows 11 installed,
     but your Windows 10 installation is still there for a bit, by default is 10 days.
     You can give yourself more time in that window of time by opening command/terminal as administrator and run:
   
     DISM /Online /Set-OSUninstallWindow /Value:60
   
     This will give you the maximum of 60 days before the previous operating system version is automatically deleted.
   If you are sure you will be keeping Windows 11, you can run cleanmgr and clean system files to delete everything.
   If you already upgraded to Windows 11 and it's already been 10 days, it's too late and the command will show "element not found" 

     FlyOOBE: Original Project can be found at https://github.com/builtbybel/FlyOOBE
   This utility (and sub-utilities will be crucial in improving your Windows 11 experience as it has various tweaks to:
   *debloat Windows 11 of programs you dont want, and also remove the forced Ai features of Co-Pilot along with various other Microsoft advertising and data collection methods.
   
   *optimize the responsiveness of Windows 11 by disabling things that cause lag.

   Run FlyOOBE.exe (right click and run as administrator)

   Go through each setting on the left in order to have Windows 11 just the way you like

   Personalization: option on the left, set your mode for the look and alignment

   Browser: sets your default browser (because microsoft likes to reset that back to edge)

   AI: Check for all Ai enabled settings, check the box for each, then Turn off selected

   Network: skip it... basically sets you configure a Wi-Fi or use Ethernet

   Account: allows you to create a local account to use, or connect a Microsoft Account (why?)

   Apps: Allows you to remove Microsoft Apps you might not use so they're not taking up space

   Experience: ONE OF THE BEST PARTS OF THIS APP:
       Change "Lets Configure your device" and choose "Use quick settings", check everything, click apply
       Change "Use quick settings" and choose "system", check everything except for "Disable Hibernation" if you're on a laptop or tablet, click Apply.
     Change "system" and choose "MS Edge"

   check these good defaults to leave edge in a working state in case you use it:

   check "dont show sponsored links in new tab page"

   check "disable shopping assistant"

   check "don't show first run experience"

   check "disable gamer mode"

   check "disable start boost"

   check "dont submit user feedback options"
        
   Click apply.
      Change "MS Edge" and choose "UI"

   click "show full context menus in Windows 11"

   click "dont use personalized lock screen"

   click "disable search box suggestions"

   click "disable bing search"

   click "pin more apps on the start menu"

   click (optional) "disable transparency effects"

   Click apply.
       Change "UI" to "Gaming", check everything, click apply. "Disable Visual Effects: is optional, some like it.
       Change "Gaming" to "Privacy" leave the first one unchecked, check the bottom three.

   activity history is useful to find recent files you've worked with, but it's up to you.


   click apply.

   Change "Privacy" to "Ads", check everything (if not already checked), and click apply.
Installer can be used to install multiple apps you might use or need updating
Updates allows you to search for updates and ACTUALLY choose which updates to install

   *In Finalize Setup, run the extension for the ChrisTitusApp, go to tweaks, and apply recommended.
   The full walkthough video can be found here: https://youtu.be/zccfmGYLNxY
After you're done with the Chris Titus Tool, you're ready to reboot and get a good experience with a clean Windows 11.

Commit message:

Update README with ISO usage instructions
Added recommendation for using default Windows ISO.

README.md, after:

Want a smooth in-place upgrade from Windows 10 to Windows 11?

I've used these tools to successfully upgrade over 120 computers so far, supported and unsupported.

The trick is to get your Windows 10 installation in a good state so the Windows 11 OS can migrate it properly,
  and after it's done installing optimize and debloat it's settings and features.

Download all the Files here and put them into the same folder.  Something like c:\win11upgrade

Procedure:
1. Run Windows update on your existing Windows 10 pc until there are no more updates left. Windows 10 Pro/Home should be on 22H2
2. Run the included "PreInstall.bat" file.  This will not only free up disk space but also check and repair system corruption.
   A reboot is required, and at reboot it will check your operating system drive for any disk corruption.
3. Get a good copy of the Windows 11 ISO:
   You can use the included Windows11MediaCreationTool.exe (which is the working version from Microsoft before they broke it).
   Choose the option to create ISO file, and save the iso into the same folder as these files you downloaded.
   What I highly recommend is after downloading the Microsoft ISO, trim it down using Tiny11Builder from NTDev:
   https://github.com/ntdevlabs/tiny11builder/blob/main/tiny11maker.ps1

   You Can use the default Windows ISO though, no issues are experienced.
5. Run Windows11Install.bat  This will search the folder it is in for any .iso files (you should only have 1 there) and mount
   it in system, then it will autorun the Windows installer with customized options to simply upgrade
   The command it runs is: .\sources\setupprep.exe /product server /auto upgrade /dynamicupdate disable /eula accept
After Windows Upgrade completes:

     Disk Space: Be aware of your disk space immediately after an upgrade because not only is Windows 11 installed,
     but your Windows 10 installation is still there for a bit, by default is 10 days.
     You can give yourself more time in that window of time by opening command/terminal as administrator and run:
   
     DISM /Online /Set-OSUninstallWindow /Value:60
   
     This will give you the maximum of 60 days before the previous operating system version is automatically deleted.
   If you are sure you will be keeping Windows 11, you can run cleanmgr and clean system files to delete everything.
   If you already upgraded to Windows 11 and it's already been 10 days, it's too late and the command will show "element not found" 

     FlyOOBE: Original Project can be found at https://github.com/builtbybel/FlyOOBE
   This utility (and sub-utilities will be crucial in improving your Windows 11 experience as it has various tweaks to:
   *debloat Windows 11 of programs you dont want, and also remove the forced Ai features of Co-Pilot along with various other Microsoft advertising and data collection methods.
   
   *optimize the responsiveness of Windows 11 by disabling things that cause lag.

   Run FlyOOBE.exe (right click and run as administrator)

   Go through each setting on the left in order to have Windows 11 just the way you like

   Personalization: option on the left, set your mode for the look and alignment

   Browser: sets your default browser (because microsoft likes to reset that back to edge)

   AI: Check for all Ai enabled settings, check the box for each, then Turn off selected

   Network: skip it... basically sets you configure a Wi-Fi or use Ethernet

   Account: allows you to create a local account to use, or connect a Microsoft Account (why?)

   Apps: Allows you to remove Microsoft Apps you might not use so they're not taking up space

   Experience: ONE OF THE BEST PARTS OF THIS APP:
       Change "Lets Configure your device" and choose "Use quick settings", check everything, click apply
       Change "Use quick settings" and choose "system", check everything except for "Disable Hibernation" if you're on a laptop or tablet, click Apply.
     Change "system" and choose "MS Edge"

   check these good defaults to leave edge in a working state in case you use it:

   check "dont show sponsored links in new tab page"

   check "disable shopping assistant"

   check "don't show first run experience"

   check "disable gamer mode"

   check "disable start boost"

   check "dont submit user feedback options"
        
   Click apply.
      Change "MS Edge" and choose "UI"

   click "show full context menus in Windows 11"

   click "dont use personalized lock screen"

   click "disable search box suggestions"

   click "disable bing search"

   click "pin more apps on the start menu"

   click (optional) "disable transparency effects"

   Click apply.
       Change "UI" to "Gaming", check everything, click apply. "Disable Visual Effects: is optional, some like it.
       Change "Gaming" to "Privacy" leave the first one unchecked, check the bottom three.

   activity history is useful to find recent files you've worked with, but it's up to you.


   click apply.

   Change "Privacy" to "Ads", check everything (if not already checked), and click apply.
Installer can be used to install multiple apps you might use or need updating
Updates allows you to search for updates and ACTUALLY choose which updates to install

   *In Finalize Setup, run the extension for the ChrisTitusApp, go to tweaks, and apply recommended.
   The full walkthough video can be found here: https://youtu.be/zccfmGYLNxY
After you're done with the Chris Titus Tool, you're ready to reboot and get a good experience with a clean Windows 11.
